[DOC-11789] Vector Search - The Server Files (#131)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/vector-search/pages/create-vector-search-index-ui.adoc

== Procedure 

To create a Vector Search index with the Couchbase Server Web Console: 

. Go to *Search*.
. Click btn:[Add Index].
. In the *Index Name* field, enter a name for the Vector Search index. 
+
[NOTE]
====
Your index name must start with an alphabetic character (a-z or A-Z). It can only contain alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, or 0-9), hyphens (-), or underscores (_).

For version 7.6 and later, your index name must be unique inside your selected bucket and scope. You cannot have 2 indexes with the same name inside the same bucket and scope.
====

. In the *Bucket* list, select the bucket that contains the documents you want to include in your index. 
. Expand *Customize Index*. 
. Select *Use non-default scope/collection(s)*.
.. In the *Scope* list, select the scope that contains the documents you want to include in your index.
. Expand *Mappings* and xref:create-type-mapping.adoc[create a new type mapping on a collection]:
.. Click btn:[Add Type Mapping].
.. In the *Collection* list, select the collection that contains the documents you want to include in your index. 
.. Select *Only index specified fields*. 
.. Click btn:[OK].

> . xref:search:create-child-field.adoc[] on the new collection type mapping with the following settings: 
> .. In the *Field* field, enter the name of the field in your documents that contains your vector embeddings.
> +
> Vector embeddings should be an array of numbers. 
> .. In the *Type* list, select *vector*. 
> .. In the *Dimension* field, enter the total number of elements in the array that holds the vector embeddings for your documents.
> + 
> The Search Service supports arrays up to 2048 elements. 
> .. In the *Similarity metric* list, select the method to use to calculate the similarity between search term and Search index vectors.
> + 
> For more information, see xref:search:child-field-options-reference.adoc[].
> .. In the *Optimized for* list, select whether the Search Service should optimize Search queries for accuracy (*recall*) or speed (*latency*).
> +
> For more information, see xref:search:child-field-options-reference.adoc[].
> .. Select *Index*.
> .. Click btn:[OK].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. xref:search:create-child-field.adoc[] on the new collection type mapping. 
Make sure to include the vector settings *Dimension*, *Similarity metric*, and *Optimized for*.
+
For more information on child field settings, refer to xref:search:child-field-options-reference.adoc[].
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion - totally up to you. The info already exists on the other pages so it feels like it's just being duplicated in this task page.

Author: I'll have to think on this one. 🤔
